stream aggregation: perform deduplication for all received data when … (#6711)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> **Update note 1: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation/): perform deduplication for all received data when specifying `-streamAggr.dedupInterval` or `-remoteWrite.streamAggr.dedupInterval` command-line flag. Previously, if the `-remoteWrite.streamAggr.config` or `-streamAggr.config` is set, only series that matched configs are deduplicated.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Update note 1: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation/): perform deduplication for all received data when specifying `-streamAggr.dedupInterval` or `-remoteWrite.streamAggr.dedupInterval` command-line flag. Previously, if the `-remoteWrite.streamAggr.config` or `-streamAggr.config` is set, only series that matched aggregation config were deduplicated. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6711#issuecomment-2288361213) for details.**
```
